update natural language support section (#108)
Stanford-Mobisocial-IoT-Lab/almond-cloud: doc/thingpedia-nl-support.md

For actions, write the utterances as _verb phrases_ in the imperative form, such as “send a message”.

### Other tips and tricks
#### `canonical` annotation 
Unlike most of the other programming languages, the choice of parameter names and function names is 
important in ThingTalk: it affects the performance of the natural language translation. 

For example, function `@com.thecatapi.get` has an output parameter `image_id`. 
We will generate sentences like “get a cat picture, then send the __image id__ to Slack” when composing 
the following program.
```tt
now => @com.thecatapi.get() => @com.slack.send(message=image_id);
```

To make the synthetic sentences more natural, you can use `canonical` annotations
when declaring your function in device manifest. 
The annotation specifies how the parameter will be expressed in natural language.  
For example, we can define the `@com.thecatapi.get` like this:
```tt
list query get(in opt count: Number,
               out image_id: Entity(com.thecatapi:image_id) #_[canonical="id of the picture"],
               out picture_url: Entity(tt:picture),
               out link: Entity(tt:url))
```

Then, for the same program, we will generate 

> “get a cat picture, then send the __id of the picture__ to Slack”.

Author: Any example suggestion?

- if your function accepts a picture as input, name the argument `picture_url`
- if your function accepts any URL, name the argument `url`; if it accepts any URL of videos, name it `video_url`
- if your function returns an article or link, name the title `title`, the blurb or description `description`,
  the URL `link`, the update date `updated` and the author name `author`
- if your function accepts a query string to search, name it `query`
- if your function allows you to upload a picture with a short description, name the description `caption` and
  the picture `picture_url`
- if your function takes a free-form string to be posted on social media, name it `status`
- if your function takes two free-form strings to be posted on social media, name them `title` and `body`
- if your function turns on or off your device, name the function `set_power`, name the argument `power` and make it of type `Enum(on,off)`
- if your function takes a numeric range as input, name the lower bound `low` and the upper bound `high`
- if your function returns multiple results, and you can control the number of results returned, use a `count` parameter of type `Number`
   

> ## Response in natural language

Author: can we use `Natural language responses` instead? I use the term "response" a lot under this section

Once Almond understands the issued command, Almond will execute it,
potentially ask for additional information, and present the results.

### Slot filling question for missing parameters
If a command misses a required input parameter, Almond will ask the user for the value.
A _slot filling_ question will be asked. 
By default, the question is “What's the value of <parameter-name>?”.
Users might not understand such a question, especially when the parameter name is not informative enough.

To give users a better experience, you can provide a customized slot filling question 

> with a `prompt` annotation for each input parameter in your function.

Author: Yeah, I would relax it.

to make sure it understands the command correctly. 
The confirmation sentence comes from the `confirmation` annotation of the function.
Similar to the `utterances` annotation for example commands, 
use noun phrases for queries and verb phrases in the imperative form for actions. 
Examples can be found in all the tutorials. 

Note that the confirmation sentence should include all the __required__ input parameter
with `$param` or `${param}`.

### Output format
When a stream or a query is combined with the action `notify`, 
the returned results will be presented to the user in Almond. 
By default, Almond will simply list the value of all the output parameters one by one 
in the order they are declared in the function signature.

You can customize the output format with the `formatted` annotation.
The annotation takes a list of Objects. 
Each Object represents one response and each response will be presented to users in the same order in the list. 
Four types of responses are supported: `text`, `picture`, `rdl`, and `code`.

#### Text response 
A text response returns a simple text message.
It has only one property: `text`. 

> E.g., `{ type="text",text="Works in ${industry}" }` (in [Tutorial 3](/doc/thingpedia-tutorial-linkedin.md)).

Reviewer: As a shorthand, you can specify a text message with a bare string. That is, the following are equivalent:
```
#_[formatted=["Works in ${industry}"]]
#_[formatted=[{ type="text",text="Works in ${industry}" }]
```

Inputs and output parameters of the function can be referred to using the placeholder syntax. The following options can be specified, using the syntax `${param:opt}`:
- `time` (for type `Date`): display only the time portion of the date
- `date` (for type `Date`): display only the date (day, month, year) portion of the date
- `iso-date` (for type `Date`): display the date in [ISO 8601](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601) format
- `%` (for type `Number`): multiply the number by 100 before displaying
- a measurement unit (for type `Measure`): convert the value to the given unit before displaying; eg `${temperature:F}` displays the temperature in Farhenheit; note that the unit is **not** appended

####  Picture response: 
A picture response shows a picture to the user. 
It has only one property: `url`.
E.g., `{ type: "picture", url: "${picture_url}" }` (in [Tutorial 3](/doc/thingpedia-tutorial-linkedin.md)).

#### RDL response: 

> An RDL response returns a clickable with a title and a description, suitable for website 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An RDL response returns a clickable link with a title and a description, suitable for website 
```

links and news articles.
It has three properties: `webCallback` (the link), `displayTitle` (the title), 
and `displayText` (the description, optional). 
See [Tutorial 1](/doc/thingpedia-tutorial-nyt.md) for an example of this format type.

#### Customized response
If you need more control over the output, such as different output based 
on results, you can choose `code` type and write Javascript code in the `code` property. 
The code contains a [self-executing anonymous function](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/IIFE)

> in String format.

Reviewer: It does not. It contains an anonymous function expression - without the outer parenthesis and call.

Author: So I guess remove the parenthesis in the example?

Reviewer: And the self-executing part.

The function will be invoked with three arguments: 
the result of your function (an object with each parameter as a property), 
a hint informing you of how the result will be shown to the user, 
and a `Formatter` object. 
The function can return a string, a formatted message object 

> (with the same structure as the JSON described here) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(with the same structure as the message objects described earlier) 
```

Note that placeholders will **not** be substituted in the value returned by a format function.

or an array of objects.

The `Formatter` object provides the following methods for your convenience:
- `measureToString(value, precision, unit)`: convert a value of `Measure` type to a string.
- `dataToString(date)`: convert a value of `Date` type to a string containing only the date.
- `timeToString(date)`: convert a value of `Date` type to a string containing only the time.
- `dateAndTimeToString(date)`: convert a value of `Date` type to a string containing both the date and the time.
- `locationToString(date)`: convert a value of `Location` type to a string

> - `anyToString(object)`: convert any other value to a string (unnecessary for `String` type)

Reviewer: You should use the methods of `Formatter` rather than the equivalent native JS methods (such as `date.toLocaleString()`) to respect the user's setting of locale and timezone.

Here is an example used in [iCalendar](https://almond.stanford.edu/thingpedia/devices/by-id/org.thingpedia.icalendar).
We want to offer different responses based on if the returned event contains `end_date` or not.
The code looks like this:
```javascript
(function({start_date, end_date}, hint, formatter) {
    if (end_date)
        return `The event runs from ${formatter.dateAndTimeToString(start_date)} to ${formatter.dateAndTimeToString(end_date)}`;
    else
        return `The event starts at ${formatter.dateAndTimeToString(start_date)}`;
})
```
And the annotation will look like this: 
```tt
#_[formatted=[{type="code",code="(function({start_date, end_date}, hint, formatter) {\nif (end_date)\nreturn `The event runs from ${formatter.dateAndTimeToString(start_date)} to ${formatter.dateAndTimeToString(end_date)}`;\nelse\nreturn `The event starts at ${formatter.dateAndTimeToString(start_date)}`;\n}"}]]

> ```

Reviewer: Note: for security reasons, formatting functions run sandboxed. You cannot access other APIs, and cannot use `require` to import other nodejs modules. If you need more complex computation, you should perform it in the query function and return the value as a declared parameter.
